Good morning, family. Praise the Lord.
I just want to say thank you all. God
bless every single one of you. Thank you
for coming on here and praying with me
every day; it's such a blessing. I've
been seeking the Lord
with all my heart the last couple of days,
just looking for that fresh touch.
So many people are
desperate for a fresh touch from Jesus. The
Lord has
been dealing
with
me about
prophetic voices and people in
big
ministries. I was caught in the
spirit and saw many ministers,
and the Lord said, 'Brandon, they
don't know what's
coming.'A
lot of them don't know
because they've
allowed the pressure from the
people and the pride of life to clog
their spiritual ears. You're not able
to hear—or you’re
hearing only partially—something
very vital for what's
coming, but you're not hearing
the depth of
it.
Then He showed me the
people who say, 'Well, we're always
going to pray away things; we're always
going to stop
things.'He
was showing me that there are
some things that are not going to be
stopped,
and yet it will
catch a lot of you off
guard because you're not hearing
Him. Because
of
the fear of what you think is coming, you
put the wall up, and God is saying,
'Warning, warning,
warning.'There's
a road out ahead, but
you say, 'No, I'm going to pray against the
road being out; I'm going to stop the road from
being out with my prayer.'But the road is
out, and you're going to keep driving
that way because you think you're going
to pray against the road that's out and
change it, when God is just telling you
to pause for a minute,
listen to a new plan, and take time to
get out of the car and climb. Does that
make
sense? The Lord was showing me a lot
of prophetic voices that started
out
pure,
but
the more
they got into ministry and the more the
pressure and opinions
of people came, they
didn't filter it right. They didn't keep
vertical, and because of this, they became
a mixture.
The more the mixture of the world
comes in, you've got the Holy Spirit,
but
you're mixing it
together.
Instead of keeping
Him first, ego sets in, and
you think, 'I'm going to run
this ministry; I'm going to do this the
way that I think I
should,'listening
to Him partially. You've got
one
ear over here, but
you don't have both ears to
Him. I saw them getting a message
from the Father, but it was only at a
certain
level. He showed me that
as ministries
got bigger,
their reception
antenna
started to become out
of
tune. He said, 'They're not hearing Me
in the higher
levels in the throne room; they're
picking it up down here, but they're not
hearing Me in the throne
room.'If
you stop hearing Me in the throne room,
you're going to
get
off-track;
you're not getting the whole picture.
It's like being a Watchman
on the wall;
you see
the horizon,
but you have blinders on.
You're not able to see the whole
landscape
because you have patches on your eyes
like a horse.
You need to look
at the whole landscape of what He's
saying prophetically, but they're only
getting a little bit because
they've got all this stuff going on
and they're not staying vertical with
Him. The Lord said to me,
'Brandon, there are great dark
things coming, but many of My people,
because there's a mixture, I'm not able
to get the pure thing through them
anymore to warn My people for what's
coming. You must stay vertical
with Me and don't allow any mixture
in.'He
said this is vital. He said, 'I will
not do anything in this world unless I
reveal it to My prophets first,'but
He
can only reveal it
to the ones who are
vertical, keeping their eyes on Him and not
allowing fame and ego to get in the way.
When you start thinking
it's
you—the
glove instead of the hand in the
glove—He's
not able to use you like He was
before
because the glove gets in the
way. You've got to keep yourself and
your
ego out of the way. I saw many
ministers who, as they got famous,
became
horizontal, looking at everybody else's
praise, and
stopped looking vertical. The
Lord told me, 'There are many of My
ministers that started out right,
Brandon.'They
started out with
a
pure heart
before
the Father,
but
you're going to
see a house of cards fall with a lot of
these ministries. You're going to see a
cleaning of the house in 2025 and
2026—a
great
uncovering of
darkness.
It's vital for you ministers
to always keep Jesus
first and deflate your ego. It grieved me
when
He said to me
that
Saul
started out good,
but he let a mixture
in until the
anointing departed from
him.
He wanted the prophet
to walk with him so they could
pretend he still had it,
but
the anointing that
was on his life had already left
and gone to David.
I told
you the Davids are
coming
because the
Sauls have lost the anointing.
I saw so many of them
behind the pulpit
hearing a little bit, but
it wasn't the whole message.
Because of ego,
fame, and money,
they lost themselves in
it and
forgot to stay
vertical. We pray for every one of
them; we're not better than
any of
them, but there's a great
shaking coming.
I don't want to ever
allow a
platform to destroy my relationship
with my
Father;
it's the most important thing to
me. All this other stuff is just crap, quite
frankly.
It's about Him and me staying
pliable and allowing the glove to be
there for that hand, the Holy Spirit, to
flow.
As long as I keep my eyes on
Him
and
deflect the glory and praise
to the Father, I am just a
vessel.
Deflect the glory like
a mirror;
when the light shines on it,
you
just deflect it right to the Father.
Ego stays out of the way
because you're just like the donkey;
he could have gotten arrogant because
everyone
was
laying palm leaves at
his
feet, but
it had
nothing to
do with him; it had everything to do with
the One riding on his
back.
I'm desperate for more of
Him. A lot of people
don't get me,
and
big ministers reject me,
but
I don't care. It's not
about me; it's about
Jesus.
I just want
Him to say, 'Well done, thou good and
faithful
servant.'My
job is to warn you,
shouting it from the wall as loud
as I can. Jesus is coming
soon.
No man
knows the day or the hour,
but
He said
to
tell My people
that time is running out.
The Ark door is about to close, and
many are going to
be left
behind.
You must help me bring in My
harvest. In these times of staying
vertical,
He
said, 'Brandon, there's mixture today; I need you
to separate yourself even
more.'I
get
distracted
with
people pulling, but He said
a greater wave is coming
and I’m
acclimating right now.
Let's go higher. It's time to go
higher.
Ladies and gentlemen,
He wants to use
you
too.
Will you be that vessel?
Will you allow the Holy Spirit to
flow through you and not be a dam to
reach the ones I would never have
the opportunity to speak to?
Your family
might
never turn on my YouTube channel,
but
they'll
listen to
you. Be bold in this hour,
letting
your
voice be the one crying in
the darkness.
The Lord told
me that
the window for preaching the gospel freely on the
internet
is coming to a close soon.
When the door
closes, it will be closed forever.
I don't
know
if
it's four or five years,
but He said
this window of
freedom
of speech will
come to
an abrupt
end.
Right
now,
we
have an opportunity to spread
the
gospel throughout the whole world. Some
nations
have
shut
me
down—I
can't
tell
the Muslim
nations
about Jesus,
which
grieves
me—but
China,
South Korea, and
Japan
are
still
open.
Will
you
help
me
bring in
the
harvest?
Don't be afraid of
what people think.
It was hard for me to come on the
internet for years, but
I
finally yielded and
died to
that
fear.
Jesus is coming,
and
many are not
ready.
He's no respecter of
persons; what He does for me,
He'll
do for you.
He
wants
a relationship with
you,
too.
He loves you and
has
made a place for you in heaven.
The Bible
says the devil comes to kill, steal,
and destroy,
but the Lord
came
that you might have life more
abundantly.
The
mind
lies,
but
the Lord speaks
to
your spirit. You'll hear
that
still, small voice
saying,
'I love
you; I want to be your
friend.'He
knows
about
your
deep, dark sorrows.
He asked my wife the other day, 'Do you
trust
Me?'concerning
Megan,
our
little girl who has
autism. He asks hard
questions all the time.
When
you
have a child with special needs and
she's still
non-verbal,
and the Lord
asks,
'Do you trust Me?'I had to
say,
'Lord, I believe; help
my
unbelief.'I
don't see a natural way
out, but
Abraham staggered not at
the promise of God through
unbelief.
I know many
of
you
are
discouraged because you haven't seen
your breakthrough yet.
I live it every
day.
There's so much fakeness in the
body of Christ, pretending
everyone
has
it
together, but some days you don't.
We've come a long
way,
but
we're still going through the
fire.
When you go through hell
and keep on going, it's like
Diana
said: 'We're not parking here;
we're going to put it in four-wheel
drive and keep going.'When
you get
real with God, He'll
get real with
you. I told
you we're all
on the potter's
wheel, just a
work in progress;
Diana and I
are,
too.
Let me
give you the opportunity to
accept Jesus.
Say:
'Father, I'm a
sinner; I need a
Savior. Forgive me of my
sins
and
write my name in the Lamb's Book
of
Life.
I believe You're the Son of God,
You died and rose again.
I make You my Lord and personal
Savior
today.
I denounce Satan and everything he
stands
for.'Now,
go to
a Bible-believing church,
get baptized,
and
tell somebody
what you've done today.
The
word
of
God
will
change you from the inside out.
Draw close to Him,
and
He'll
draw
close
to
you.
Thank
you
for
the
half a million
subscribers;
I believe you're here
because of Him.
Father, we thank
You for every
person watching.
Thank You for the
opportunity to tell them You're
coming.
We stay vertical and
humble
ourselves.
Create in us a
clean
heart.
We're coming up
higher and cleaning out
our spiritual ears.
We call
healing and wholeness over
our bodies today.
Touch
those
who
are
hurting—mentally,
emotionally,
physically, financially.
We are
the salt
that
makes people thirsty
for Jesus.
We deflect
the glory back
to
You.
We
pray
that
Elon
Musk is saved, the
cabinet and Vance are protected,
and
that we turn
this nation around quickly.
Supply
all our
needs according to Your riches and glory.
Even things that seem
impossible, You're making possible
today.
In
Jesus'name,
amen. If you're new here,
welcome.
Click the like
and
subscribe
buttons.
Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you.
Bye-bye.